For preparing spicy chicken barbeque, marinate the chicken over night with chilly powder, ginger-garlic paste, curd, tomato paste, salt, garam masala, onion paste, turmeric powder and pepper powder.
Cook it on a barbeque till cooked.
Spicy chicken barbeque is ready.
Serve immediately.
For preparing coconut custard, beat the eggs well.
Mix the beaten eggs, thick coconut milk and sugar till the sugar melts.
Coconut custard is ready.
Serve it hot or chilled.
Pour into a flat vessel and cover it well.
Cook it in steam for 20 minutes.
Add little water (about 1/2 cup).

Add the marinated liver chops.
:- Remember to use as little water as possible, since excess water would cause the liver chops to harden.
Marinate the cubed liver with the above mixture for atleast 1/2 hour.
Fry onions, till golden brown.
:- Serve hot.
Heat ghee in a pan or a kadai.
Add chopped tomato and fry, till pulpy.
Mix together black pepper powder, cumin powder, turmeric and salt.
Cover with a lid and cook, till done.
Finally, pour the oil onto the curry and gently shake the pan.
Remove from fire.

Let the curry simmer and thicken.
Mix together the paste, fish, mango pieces, curry leaves and salt along with two cups of water and cook on a moderate fire.
Grind the broiled ingredients to a fine paste.
Broil the coriander, chillies , turmeric, onions and garlic in a hot greased skillet.
When it starts to boil, add the onion, ginger and green chili mix, the ground coconut with 1/4 cup of water.
Heat coconut oil in a pan and splutter fenugreek seeds, fry shallots and curry leaves.
Pour this into the fish curry.
Then add fish pieces , cover and cook in low flame for 10-12 minutes. (Check occasionally)
Pour this ground coconut paste into a mud pot .
Add green chillies, tomato, tamarind, salt and allows it to boil.
Clean and wash the fish and keep it aside.
Grind the grated Coconut with fennel seeds, garlic, 2 small onions, turmeric powder, chilli powder and little curry leaves.
Enjoy the fish curry with steamed rice.
Meanwhile mix corn flour with 1/4th cup of water, Add corn flour also.
Cover with lid and cook till done.
Heat oil.

Fry chopped garlic.
Add cabbage and cauliflower.
Stir fry till half done.
Chinese Mix vegetable is ready.
Add lemon extract, pepper powder, soya sauce, salt and sugar.
Add onion and carrots.
Fry for 2 minutes.
Dip it in egg and in bread crumbs.
For preparing coriander leaves cutlet, cook chana dal in some water and grind it.
Fry it in oil.
Serve with tomato ketchup.
Make cutlets out of it.
Mix potato, coriander leaves, chana dal and green chillies.
Add little salt.
Mix well, close the pan and cook for 2 minutes in low flame.
Then turn off the flame and keep aside.
Do not open the pan and allow to cook for 5 more minutes.
Saute till onion become translucent.
When it starts boiling, lower the flame and add roasted sooji.
Heat oil in a pan and splutter mustard seeds and urad dal.
Then add sliced onion, chopped carrot, ginger and green chilly.
For preparing the tasty awesome dish, first roast rava till light golden shade and keep aside.
Then add hot water and required salt.
Allow to boil well.
Add the specific quantity of hot water quoted.
Otherwise upma will not come out perfect.
The delicious dish is ready now.
You can make the dish more nutritious by adding veggies as per choice.
This will increase the nutrition factor of the dish.
Take it out, shred the chicken and mince it in a mixer grinder.
Take it from flame and keep it aside.

Marinate the chicken in 1 tsp chilly powder, 1/4 tsp turmeric powder and salt.
Cook it in pressure cooker.
Repeat the same for the rest dough and masala.
Heat oil in a kadai and sautT onion, green chilly and salt in it till the onion turns light brown in color.
Shape each slice to a cone and fill in the chicken masala.
Close the top.
Add the minced chicken and mix well in low flame.
Add the rest chilly powder and turmeric powder.
Mix well.
Knead the flour with water and salt as required.
Serve it as a teatime snack or for breaking fast.
Slice it in 4.
Heat oil in a kadai and fry it on both sides, till golden brown.
Make small balls out of it and roll to make thin chappathis.
Heat oil in a pan or a kadai.
Follow the method of making the batter and the idlis from the recipe of plain idlis.

:- Serve hot with tea/coffee.
:- Makes 250-300 Mini Idlis (of size of Re.
Dip the small idlis in the maida batter.
Roll/cover the idlis in the vermicelli and fry them for 2 minutes.
Crush semiya/vermicelli and keep it aside.
Make a liquid paste of maida and add red color to it.
Remove from fire and add lemon juice.
For preparing fenugreek with soya, heat oil in a pan and splutter mustard seeds.
Add cumin seeds, urad dal and curry leaves.
Sprinkle red chilly powder, turmeric powder and required salt.
Fenugreek with soya, a tasty and healthy side dish for steamed rice, is ready.
Add green chillies, shallots and chopped fenugreek leaves.
Stir on low heat and add soya chunks.
Mix well and cook covered.
Simple chicken pepper roast is ready.
Serve immediately as a starter.
Heat oil in another vessel and fry the cooked chicken pieces in it.
After it is done, remove the pieces from the gravy and keep it aside.
Toss in the chicken and marinate it with the above masala for 1/2 an hour.
Put the fried chicken pieces in a vessel and pour the gravy over it.
Allow it to boil till it becomes dry.
In the same vessel, pour 1/2 cup of water and allow the marinated chicken to cook.
For preparing simple chicken pepper roast, in a vessel mix in pepper powder, ginger, chilly powder, turmeric powder, cinnamon powder, cardamom powder, cloves powder, coriander leaves, lime juices, curry leaves, green chillies and salt.
Drizzle a little coconut oil and remove it from the flame.
Freeze this for 2 hrs or as long as the ingredients are well set and a cut slice comes off easily.
The topmost layer will be a layer of biscuits from step 1 followed by peanuts and choco chip.
Top this with a layer of chocolate syrup followed by a layer of choco chip and peanuts.
Repeat steps 1 to 5.
Soak arrowroot biscuits in cooled coffee decoction for 30 secs.
Crush the chocolate creme biscuits and mix with the ice cream.
Evenly spread a thick layer of ice cream mixture.
Arrange a layer of biscuits as step 1 in the pudding dish.
Use a spoon and take out the flesh from the avocado.
In a blender, mix the avocado flesh, crushed garlic, lime juice and pepper powder.
For preparing honey chicken, first grind ginger and garlic to a fine paste.
Marinate the chicken pieces in the above mixture.
Keep it aside for 7 hours.
In a bowl add in ginger-garlic paste, dry red chillies, chilly powder, soya sauce, honey and salt.
Mix well.
Fry till it becomes crispy and brown in colour.
Heat oil in a pan and fry the chicken pieces in it.
Honey chicken is ready.
Serve hot.
For preparing avocado shake, remove the seed of the avocado and scoop the flesh.
Blend the scooped avocado, lime juice, sugar, milk and ice-cubes till smooth.
Avocado shake is ready.
Serve immediately.
Cook the egg yolks, sugar, salt, brandy, rum and sherry in a double boiler until very light and thickened.
Sprinkle with nutmeg before serving.
Add the milk and cream; then make it cool.
Fold them in the cream mixture.
Pour into a ice cream machine and process according to manufacturer`s directions.
Grind the fried onion, tomato, ginger and garlic together and keep this paste also separately.
Add salt also into the mix.
Heat the oil in a kadai (cheenachatti) and put the paste of fried onion, tomato, ginger and garlic in the kadai and mix it well.
When the Soya chunks get cooked well, stop the stove and change it into a vessel and add cut coriander leaves.
Then take the soya chunks out from the water and keep it separately to remove water.
Boil some water, then put the soya chunks in this water adding 1 tsp salt and keep the soya chunks in this water for about 10 minutes.
Grind the cashew nuts, kus kus, fennel seeds and grated coconut together and keep this paste separately.
This curry can be served with poori, chappati, dosa etc.
and also can be used as dish with rice.
Add the paste of cashew-nuts, kus kus, fennel seeds, grated coconut also into the mix.
Add required quantity of water and boil it for about 10-15 minutes.
Add turmeric powder and salt also into the mix.
Add coriander powder and garam masala powder.
Add red chilli powder into the mix.
When the colour of the mix turns into golden, add the boiled soya chunks (if necessary cut it into small pieces) and mix it well.
Wash dal well.
Splutter mustard seeds in a little oil and add it to the dal.
Pour enough water and allow it to cook.
When the gravy thickens, add the curry leaves.
Put it in a vessel.
Add into it the chopped onion, tomato, green chillies, ginger, garlic and salt.
Heat oil in a pan.
Place chicken pieces in paalak mixture, add salt, white pepper powder and cook them until they are done.
Add finely chopped ginger, ginger-garlic paste, onion paste, fenugreek powder, chilly powder and tomatoes.
Fry for sometime.
Add chicken pieces and fry until they turn golden brown.
Add bay leaves, cinnamon and make them splutter.
Add paalak puree, water, bajra powder and cook for another 10-15 minutes.
Heat butter in a separate bowl.
For preparing sweet rice, drain the rice thoroughly and roast in a pan until it turns light brown in colour.
Heat ghee in a pan.
Fry cloves, cinnamon and cardamom for 1-2 minutes.
Mix the rice and milk in a vessel and cook covered over low heat till the milk dries up.
Garnish with almonds, raisins and silver paper.
Add sugar and remove from flame.
Sweet rice is ready.
Add the cooked rice and fry over low flame till the ghee separates.
For preparing parikka(bitter gourd) mezhukkuperatti, wash and cut white bitter gourd into thin round shapes.
Put the bitter gourd in coconut oil and add green chillies.
Keep this for about 5 minutes and then pour coconut oil in a pan.
Add salt and turmeric powder and mix well.
Close the pan with a plate or something and keep the stove in low flame and cook for about 10 minutes.
Heat a little coconut oil in a pan.
:- Serve with rice.
Add curd beaten with little water.
Add green chillies, onion, curry leaves, ginger and fry for a min.
Splutter mustard seeds.
Add tomato, cucumber and salt.
Fry for a min and remove from the fire.
Grind sugar and biscuit.
Regfrigerate it for 4 - 5 hrs.
Cut it into small pieces as desired.
Mix butter, cocoa powder, nuts with it and make it a thick paste.
Pour the paste in an aluminium foil and make a shape as desired and roll it with the foil.
When Kumbalanga pieces are cooked properly, add the Coconut paste and boil the mix for another about 2 – 3 minutes.
Change the Kumbalanga pieces into a cooking vessel.
Add some Shallots/Onion pieces, 1 – 2 Green Chilli, some Curry leaves, ¼ Tspn.
Turmeric Powder and about half-a-cup of Water and cook this mix properly.
Grind Coconut along with Green Chilli, Shallots/Onion, Garlics, Ginger, Turmeric Powder, Red Chilli powder and Cumin seeds with some water and keep this paste separately.
After about 2 – 3 minutes, add the Butter-milk/Curd and required quantity of Salt into the mix and take the cooking vessel out from the stove and keep it aside.
Heat Oil in a Frying pan/Chennachatti and add Mustard Seeds, Fenugreek seeds, Curry leaves and Red Chilli pieces and stir it well.
When colour of these ingredients turns into golden/brown add it into the already cooked Curry/Koottaan.
Kumbalanga Moru Curry is ready.
This Curry can serve with Cooked Rice, Uppuma etc.
Heat oil in a frying pan and fry the beef burgers till golden brown in colour.
Coarsely grind garlic, ginger, green chillies, coriander leaves and onion.
Put in the minced beef.
Take each ball and make it into a shape of a thick cutlet.
Yummy beef burgers is ready.
Serve hot with the dipping sauce.
In the same bowl add garam masala, cumin powder, salt, egg and bread crumbs.
Mix it well till it becomes a dough consistency(add more bread crumbs if required).
Grind the cooked beef in a grinder.
Put it in a bowl.
Make medium sized balls and keep it aside.
For preparing yummy beef burgers, clean and cook the beef in a pressure cooker with water and required salt till it is cooked.
Allow it to cool.
For the dipping sauce:- Take a bowl add yogurt, mint leaves, pepper powder, coriander leaves and a pinch of salt.
Mix well.
Make a thick batter by adding sufficient water.
Heat coconut oil in a pan.
For preparing ribbon pakkoda, take rice flour, gram flour, red chilly powder, asafoetida, sesame seeds and salt in a bowl.
Turn sides and fry well.
Ribbon pakkoda is ready.
Take this batter in an instrument called POKKAVADA NAZHI (used to make the batter in a ribbon shape) and squeeze into the boiling coconut oil.
For preparing scrambled egg with veggies, first boil the veggies and drain it.
Scramble the egg and mix it well.
Add egg, salt and pepper.
Scrambled egg with veggies is ready.
Heat butter in a pan, add veggies and fry it.
Heat a pan and pour 3 table spoons of coconut oil.
Splutter mustard seeds.
After 10 minutes, remove the lid and add the coconut mixture, salt and boil it for 3 minutes.
Add this into the Kadai and mix the tomato curry well.
Put this mixture in a kadai, pour 3 cups of water and boil it for 10 minutes.
:- Close it with a lid.
Add small onion, dry red chilly and fry it.
Mix it well with your hands and keep aside for 20-30 minutes.
For preparing Kerala Style Tomato Curry, take a bowl and put tomatoes, onions, green chillies, curry leaves, chilly powder, coriander powder and turmeric powder.
:- Have the Kerala style tomato curry with rice. Enjoy the Tomato curry!
Keep it aside for 45 minutes.
For preparing spicy potato wedges, marinate the potato wedges in pepper powder, garam masala and salt adding a little water.
Spicy tomato wedges are ready.
Serve hot with tomato sauce.
Fry the wedges in oil.
Put it in water with a little kodam puli and keep it aside for 15 - 20 mins.
When onions turn brown, add the ground masala along with a little water.
Heat oil in the same pan.
:- Tilt the pan occasionally so that the curry does not stick to the bottom of the pan.
Cover and cook.
When the coconut turns nice and brown, take the pan off the fire.
Clean, wash and cut the fish, using a little salt and lime.
Add the fish along with kodam puli into the masala.
Tips:- :- For mackerels, do not use fenugreek.
For pomfret and such fish, use just 2 - 3 grains of fenugreek.
For sardines, add 4 - 6 grains of fenugreek.
:- Use 1 tsp of coriander powder for sardines and more for other fish.
:- Use Kashmiri chilly powder.
It gives a nice red colour to the curry.
:- Instead of frying the second set of ingredients(Mustard, Curry leaves, Button onions, Green chillies, Garlic, Ginger), you can add everything except the mustard to the fish along with the first masala, without frying it in oil.
This especially tastes good for sardines with tapioca.
:- Another variation is that you can avoid coconut in the first masala.
Just sautT the onions and the fenugreek seeds a little and turn off the fire.
Add the chilly and coriander powder and sautT in the heat of the pan.
Add enough water as you would need for the gravy to it and grind the above in a mixer.
Add to the fish and cook.
Add coconut, slit small onions and fenugreek seeds.
Add curry leaves, small onions, green chillies, garlic and ginger and saute well.
Heat up a pan or a kadai.
Add a little turmeric powder to the masala and mix well.
Add chilly powder and coriander powder and sautT in the heat of the pan.
Splutter mustard seeds.
Grind them finely with some water into a smooth paste.
Simple mayonnaise veggie salad is ready.
Add required salt.
Mix the dressing in the vegetable bowl.
Toss well.
In a blender, add olive oil, mayonnaise, vinegar and blend.
For preparing mayonnaise veggie salad, first mix together all vegetables in a bowl.
Tasty Apple Biss is ready.
Add milk,sugar,and biscuits.
blend it for 1 minute.
Add required lemon juice to the white bean puree and mix well.
White bean puree, a highly nutritious side dish is ready.
Serve with pita bread.
For preparing white bean puree, first blend together canellini/butter bean, olive oil, garlic and grated parmesan cheese in a blender until very smooth.
Then add a little water and season with salt and pepper.
Add the prawns to the pan with water.
Allow it to simmer for 30 minutes on low flame.
Allow it to cool.
Tarragon prawn soup is ready.
Serve hot with deep-fried croutons.
Garnish the soup with fresh tarragon.
Blend it to a fine paste.
For preparing tarragon prawn soup, melt the butter in a vessel and fry the onion till it becomes transparent.
Put chopped curry leaves and coriander leaves.
Next, peel them off and keep them aside.
Then, add peeled potatoes along with salt and mix well.
Chop onions, ginger and green chillies finely and keep them aside too.
Wash potatoes and cut them into cubes.
Boil them for about 7 - 8 mins and allow it to cool.
Add chopped onions, ginger, green chillies and fry for 3-4 mins.
Heat oil in a vessel and put all the ingredients for tempering and fry them for 3-4 mins.
Cuban tapioca is ready and toss well before serving.
Heat 1 dsp of olive oil in a pan and fry red chillies, crushed green chillies and garlic.
Fry for a few seconds and add sliced onion.
Saute in low heat and pour the fried ingredients into the cuban tapioca mix.
For preparing cuban tapioca, first clean and cut the tapioca into 1 inch long pieces.
Put 1/2 dsp of olive oil, lime juice and required salt into the tapioca and toss well to combine.
While preparing cuban tapioca, take care that the tapioca pieces are not crushed.
Take a vessel and put the tapioca pieces.
Pour 3/4 cup of water and cook in low heat with a lid on.
When the tapioca pieces are done, drain off the water completely.
Heat oil in a heavy pan.
Make a paste of green chillies and ginger.
Cut the boiled eggs into 2 equal parts.
Add coriander leaves or curry leaves.
Cook for 2 min on a low flame.
Put the egg bondas and deep fry them.
Dip the egg bondas into the maida mix.
Take each half of egg white and fill it with the above mixture to make 10 egg shaped bondas.
Add the yellow mass and pepper powder to this and mix well.
Add chopped onions and salt.
Seperate out the yellow mass and keep aside.
When the onions turn brown, add ginger-chilly paste.
Heat oil in a pan.
Mix maida with water and a little salt to make a thick batter.
Add soya sauce, garam masala, little salt and curry leaves.
Heat oil in a pan, add cumin seeds, onion, green chillies, ginger and garlic.
For preparing hot pepper chicken, clean and dry chicken pieces.
Add the shredded chicken pieces and mix well.
Sprinkle little water to coat the masala in chicken.
Marinate the chicken pieces with salt, pepper(1 tsp) and vinegar for 10 minutes.
When the onion start to change color, add coriander powder, chilly powder and turmeric powder.
Stir well.
Cook the chicken in a pan by adding required water.
Decorate with coriander leaves on top and serve hot pepper chicken with rice/chappathi/parotta.
Serve hot.
Remove from the flame and separate the flesh from the bones(small shredded pieces).
Passion Fruit honey is ready now.You can prepare 400 ml of passion fruit drink with this,simply mix it with chilled water and enjoy!
Pour honey into passion fruit.
Scoop out the flesh and Convert into a bowl.
Whisk the sugar and honey well.
Cut the Passion Fruit into two pieces.
When colour of this mix turns into golden, add the cleaned vaazhapoo pieces and stir it well .
When the vaazhapoo is cooked well, add grated coconut and stir it further.
Clean the Vaazhapoo, (Since vaazhappoo has many layers and rows of small flowers, remove only these small flowers and skin which looks like onion skin and discard them) .
Remove the fibers from the cut plantain flowers (take a small stick and turn it in the water in which the cut plantain flowers are kept so that the fibers will roll on the stick and it can be discarded).
Heat oil in a frying pan and add the chopped onion into it.
Cover it with a plate and allow to cook it in low flame for about 15 minutes without applying water.
Add Salt and red chilli powder also into this onion and stir it well.
Remove water from the vaazhapoo pieces and keep it aside for about five minutes.
Vaazhapoo thoran is ready and it can be served as side dish with rice or chappathi / poori etc.
Take some water in a vessel and cut the plantain flowers into the water in very thin, small size.
Pour it into the curry and mix well.
:- Serve with plain white rice.
Splutter mustard seeds, cumin seeds and red chillies.
Wash 2 cups of red gram and put it in the above vessel along with enough water to cook it.
Add cabbage, tomato, chilly powder, coriander powder, turmeric powder and garlic to the uncooked dal along with salt and 1/2 cup of water.
Place the vessel in the pressure cooker and cook upto 4 - 5 whistles.
Heat oil in a small pan.
Take a big vessel enough to be placed inside a pressure cooker.
Pour the vinegar and mix well.
Add the cabbage, tomato and carrot and toss them well with 2 wooden spoons.
:- You can make this with single type of veggies or even spinach.
In a large bowl, add the soya sauce and the strawberry jam and mix well.
:- You can add more soy sauce, if you want the salad to be more tangy.
:- The strawberry jam is the secret thing here.
If you do not have strawberry jam you can substitute it with any other jam.
Now prepare the batter by besan, salt, red chilli, and cold water.
Marinate the fish with vinegar, garlic, cumin, coriander, salt, red chilli powder, turmeric .
Put it aside.
Dip marinated fish in to the batter and shallow fry it.
Enjoy the fish then.
Add salt to your taste.
Marinate chicken with curd, pepper, lemon juice and 1 tsp ginger/garlic paste for 1 hour.
Heat oil in a pan.
Add 1 tsp of ginger/garlic paste and fry for 1 minute.
Fry sliced onions till brown.
Add marinated chicken and capsicum and cook.
Add cinnamon and tomato and fry till the oil separates.
Garnish with coriander leaves.
It's ready now.
.
.
No mixing with water, no lumps! Your job made easy!! Enjoy with Kadala curry or Bananas.
Wash and Soak the Matta rice overnight.
drain the rice and keep aside.
the Rice Puttu Kutti or Puttu steamer, first layer with scraped coconut and then fill little rice powder and again layer with coconut and rice powder and cover with coconut layer.
Steam for 5 minutes or more and you get soft and tasty Matta Ari Puttu.
Immediately grind it in a mixer with little salt.
do not add any water as the soaked rice has enough moisture.
Grind for few seconds, scrape the rice on the sides and grind again till you get a coarse powder.
Do not grind for more time or you will get lumps.
Add the marinated vegetable mix to it and little water (just to cook the veg).
Marinate chopped vegetables in this paste for half to hour.
Heat 1 teaspoon of oil in a tawa.
Add the garlic, ginger and onions and sautT it well till the onion is lightly brown.
Mix the Oil, Lemon Juice and all the powder masala into a thick paste.
Cook them for about 10-12 minutes.
:- Make sure not to over cook, the vegetables should taste crunch and cooked.
Remove from the flame.
Add the above seasoning into the pickle.
Cover and cook for a few mins.
Mix well the whole contents again.
Mix well the whole contents.
Saute the crushed garlic cloves in the oil and add it too into the pickle.
Remove the lid.
After retaining a little oil for seasoning, pour the remaining oil into the pan.
When the tomatoes get mashed well, add turmeric powder, chilly powder and salt and mix well.
Splutter mustard seeds and cumin seeds and fry dry red chillies and curry leaves.
Add white tamarind as it is and mix well again.
Add chopped tomatoes and stir well.
Heat up the pan with the remaining oil kept aside for seasoning.
:- Kerala Tomato Pickle can be easily stored for about a week.
Fry well, till the oil starts to leave the sides of the pan.
Add asafoetida and fenugreek powder and mix well.
For preparing Kerala Tomato Pickle, first heat 3 tbsp of oil in a heavy bottomed pan(preferably Urali) or a kadai.
Powder jaggery.
When bananas are cooked well, add powdered jaggery and stir till the mixture does not stick to the bottom.
Easy banana jam is ready.
Use whenever required.
For preparing easy banana jam, smash bananas and remove seeds.
In a heavy bottomed vessel pour ghee and add smashed bananas.
SautT well.
Remove from the fire.
Add cardamom powder and dry ginger powder.
Keep in air tight container once it cools.
Add the marinated chicken and fry on a high flame for 2 to 3 mins.
Add green chilli, onions and salt. Fry till onions turn golden brown and add ginger garlic paste and saute
transfer the tempered oil into the lemon and mix well. allow for 1 day in oil
in a plastic bowl add lemon wedges and crystal salt and mix well and allow for 8 days. once in a day daily mix them for 8 days
Add bhel puri papad and mix it well.
Add salt, sugar, chilli powder and coriander powder.
For dates chutney:- 1)Grind together dates with tamarind paste and jaggery.
Add dates chutney and green chutney.
Add sev on the top of bhel puri and garnish it with some coriander leaves.
Place it on a plate.
For Bhel puri:- 1)Boil potatos and smash it.
Take a large bowl and add pooris in it.
Add onion, carrot, peas and potatoes.
For green chutney:- 1)Grind together cilantro, pudhina, ginger-garlic paste and green chillies.
Now increase flame and fry for 5 minutes.
Keep stirring constantly and do not let the content stick to the bottom of the pan.
Add 1/2 tsp turmeric powder, 1/2 tsp ginger paste and 1/2 tsp garlic paste to the squid pieces.
Add salt and close the pressure cooker.
Switch on flame and on a medium flame add the grated coconut to the above said mixture.
Add more salt if required.
Fry for 2 minutes.
Mix well.
In a wok, add 3-4 tbsp sunflower oil and splutter mustard seeds.
Season with dry red chillies and curry leaves.
Switch off flame.
Add onion and 3-4 green chillies.
Saute lightly till translucent.
Add 1 1/2 tsp chilly powder to all above said powders.
Add curry leaves, mix well and switch off flame.
When you hear the first whistle, reduce flame and cook for another 10 minutes.
Now mix the masala with the onion mixture that we pulled to the side of the wok.
Mix well.
Add 1/2 tsp ginger and 1/2 tsp garlic paste and sautT till the raw smell fades.
Serve along with rice.
Take squid in a pressure cooker.
Add 1/2 teacup water.
Next pull the above sauted items in the pan to one side of the wok.
Reduce flame now.
To the empty side of the pan add 1 1/4 tsp pepper powder and fry for one minute.
Add grated coconut to a blender and spin 5-6 times.
Add the cooked squid along with the remaining water if any.
Transfer to a serving dish.
Now add 2 1/2 tsp coriander powder and heat along with the pepper powder.
Add 1 tsp garam masala powder and 1/4 tsp turmeric powder and heat all powders together.
Note: Take care not to burn the powders while heating.
Add the crushed ice cubes in a glass and the sugar syrup.
Bring cold water and sugar to boil.
Add the lemon slice and mint leaves.
In a blender, add the watermelon.
Serve chilled.
Transfer the syrup once the sugar is dissolved to a bowl.
Cut the watermelon into thin pieces and remove the seeds.
Transfer the grounded juice to the serving glass.
Add veggies n saute followed by diced capsicum and fry till soft.
Garnish with chopped coriander leaves.
Fry the red chillies, cinnamon, coriander seeds, cumin seeds and black gram dal in a teaspoon of ghee or oil till golden brown.
Powder and keep aside.
Add turmeric powder, salt and the cooked rice.
Fry for a few minutes until the rice is hot.
Squeeze lemon juice and powdered masala.
Mix well.
Heat oil and add mustard seeds, Bengal gram, red chillies, curry leaves, cashew nuts, and peanuts one by one and fry till golden brown in colour.
Cook rice until 3/4 cooked.
Drain the water from the rice, spread and cool.
Mix a teaspoon of oil or ghee to it and keep aside.
Reduce heat and add grated dry coconut.
Fry until light brown.
Mix well together maida and egg and make it into a very thick batter.
Dip the prawns in the batter and deep fry in hot oil.
Add pepper, salt and little soya sauce into the batter and mix well.
Marinate the prawns with turmeric, chilly powder, pepper and salt.
Grate the pineapple.
Add milk and sugar to taste.
Continue cooking till you get a thick consistency.
Continuous stirring is required else the mix will stick to the bottom.
